---
title: "Coming Soon..."
description: "New book from Mandi Gerth"
pubDate: "Feb 16 2025"
heroImage: "/pre-order.png"
---

**"Thoroughness & Charm"** is the first book by Mandi Gerth. These insights come from years of in-classroom experience learning how to build classroom culture.
<a href="https://circeinstitute.org/product/thoroughness-and-charm/">Pre-order</a> the book from CIRCE (scheduled to be published in April 2025).

CIRCE blurb:

> Are you trying to provide a classical education without having received one yourself?
> You might know the subject you’re teaching well, but so much of classical education transcends the textbook.
> What should the classroom, culture, and spirit of the classroom be like?
> And how can you know you’re doing it well?
> In this new book from Mandi Gerth, you will find the guidance you need to create a truly classical classroom.
> Thoroughness and Charm gives specific examples on how shared experiences—not activities—build culture, support the curriculum, and pass on the classical tradition while habituating the students to what is true and good for their souls.
> After reading this book, teachers will be able to:
>
> - understand the role of culture in education
> - evaluate their classroom culture
> - determine what they value most about the curriculum they teach
> - understand how formative practices shape what students love
> - build classroom culture by focusing on shared experiences, common language, and embodied values and use liturgy, prayer, music, poetry, read-alouds, and catechisms to build classroom culture.
